I'm Tom um I'm from Israel and I've been
living in Berlin for eight and a half
years I am Saba I'm from Palestine Gaza
and I live in Germany for one year and a
half seba was pretty active since the
War Began and then I contacted her um
after meeting her in a dialogue group
and I said I want to do something
together our organization is called
clean shelter what we do is fund raise
to um Finance the
construction of toilets and Tents in IDP
camps in Gaza I never thought that in at
this time of history that we will face
this kind of hunger and like I couldn't
imagine that people will be displaced I
couldn't imagine that children would
lose all of their families because we've
really started small um and because I'm
Israeli most of my networks are from
Israelis so we have a lot of Israeli
donate donations but we have donations
actually from all over the world if
there will be a rebuilding taking place
and I'm sure there will be a rebuilding
taking place we want to take uh part in
this and make sure it's inclusive and
make sure that it's reliable and
accommodative because tents that we are
constructing now is they're not going to
last I have family and friends in Israel
that I'm still really really worried
about and uh hope for their safety um I
also feel a lot of responsibility and
also a lot of Shame about the war and in
that respect I'm really happy for this
project with seba and even for
friendship I feel this is healing in
many ways